Status Page Incident Integration (#31944)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_management/incident_management/integrations/status_pages.md

---
title: Datadog Status Pages
further_reading:
- link: "service_management/incident_management/guides/status_pages
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Learn more about Status Pages"
---

## Overview

Status Pages conveys real-time status of an organization's services on a webpage. Enable the integration to automatically link and update your status page notice within Datadog's Incident Management platform. As an Incident Commander or Responder, you can:
- Send customer facing messages with accurate and up to date information
- Update Status Page while investigating an incident without leaving the Datadog platform
- Resolve both Datadog incidents and the linked Status Page notice at the same time

## Prerequisites

> At least one Status Page is required to enable the Status Pages integration for Incident Management

Reviewer: At least one "status page" is required to enable the Status Pages integration for Incident Management
lower case for the first status page as it refers to a published page

## Setup

1. In the [Integration Settings page][1], find the Status Pages integration.
1. Toggle **Enable Status Pages notice creation**.

## Add a Status Pages notice

> You must have a role with Incidents Write and Status Pages Notice Write permissions to add a Status Pages notice.

Reviewer: to add a Status Pages notice "from Incidents".

Reviewer: not sure if we're standardizing with "incidents" or "Incidents"... @estherk15 ? Majority in the public docs uses "incidents", and where combined with other things (eg. Incidents List) it uses caps.

1. In the [Incidents page][2], open an existing incident.
1. At the top of the incident page, click **Update Status Page**.

> 1. Enter all the required fields, which include Select a Status Page, Notice title, and Notice status. You can also specify which Status Page components are affected.

Reviewer: "which include Select Page, Notice Title, and Notice Status"

## Update status

After a Status Page is added to an incident, you can continue updating the Status Page until the incident is resolved.

> 1. In the [Incidents page][2], open the incident you want to update.

Reviewer: In the [Incidents "list" page]?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. In the [Incidents List page][2], open the incident you want to update.
```

1. Find the Status Page you added and hover on the button to open the integration modal. You can unlink the Status Page integration or update the current Status Page notice.

> 1. Click **Update Status Page** to open the linked Status Page details and make your modifications.

Reviewer: > **Update Status Page**

This would be the title of the status page, not "Update Status Page"

"to open the linked Status Page details page."

Reviewer: this would be a separate flow/branch from the update, so I'd bring this down and bring up "1. Click **Update** to update the Status Page notice." to be right after the "hover" line

-Eliminate context switching by managing public communications without leaving your incident workflow
-Publish notices quickly and consistently during high-severity incidents
- Keep incident timelines and public-facing updates in sync to reduce confusion and messaging mistakes

## Prerequisites

At least one status page is required to enable the Status Pages integration for Incident Management.

You must have a role with Incidents Write and Status Pages Notice Write permissions to add a Status Pages notice from an incident. For more information, see [Datadog Role Permissions][3].

## Setup

1. In the [Integration Settings page][1], find the Status Pages integration.
1. Toggle **Enable Status Pages notice creation**.

## Publish a Status Pages notice

You must have a role with Incidents Write and Status Pages Notice Write permissions to add a Status Pages notice from an incident.

{{< img src="/service_management/incidents/Integrations/status_pages/status_pages_config_modal.png" alt="Configuration modal for integrating a Datadog incident with a status page notice" style="width:70%;" >}}

1. In the [Incidents List page][2], open an existing incident.

> 1. At the top of the incident page, click **Update Status Page**.

Reviewer 2: @jbenais From the demo, is this supposed to be "Publish Notice"

```suggestion
1. At the top of the incident page, click **Publish Notice**.
```

Reviewer: This CTA has been updated to "Update Status Page", so what we have there is correct

1. Enter all the required fields, including _Select a Status Page_, _Notice title_, and _Notice status_. You can also specify which status page components are affected.

> ## Update status page configuration

Reviewer 2: @ramen-yuta @jbenais Do we need this section, the workflow seem the same as publishing a notice. Can we merge the two sections?

Reviewer: yes, merge!

Reviewer: the slight difference is that you need to **hover** on the status page button and then select "Update"

---
title: Integrate Datadog Status Pages with Datadog Incident Management
description: Learn how to integrate Datadog Status Pages with Incident Management to communicate real-time service status during incidents.
further_reading:
- link: "/service_management/status_pages/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Learn more about Datadog Status Pages"
---

## Overview

Status Pages is a way to keep internal and external stakeholders informed during service disruptions by publishing real-time updates about system health.

This integration enables responders to publish and update status page notices directly from Incident Management.
- Eliminate context switching by managing public communications without leaving your incident workflow
- Publish notices quickly and consistently during high-severity incidents
- Keep incident timelines and public-facing updates in sync to reduce confusion and messaging mistakes

## Prerequisites

At least one status page is required to enable the Status Pages integration for Incident Management.

> You must have a role with Incidents Write and Status Pages Notice Write permissions to add a Status Pages notice from an incident. For more information, see [Datadog Role Permissions][3].

Reviewer: @jbenais users need `incident_settings_write` to enable this integration right? if true, I would focus on that in this prerequisites section. in the publish status pages notice section, touch on the need for Incidents Write and SP Notice Write permissions. 
As it stands, row 23 and row 32 is duplicative.
